1.Introduct to dart 
  Dart is an open-source general-purpose programming language.
  Dart is an object-oriented language with C-style syntax which can optionally trans compile into JavaScript.
  we can compare with dart and javascript as below:
  Feature 	        Dart 	                      JavaScript
Type system 	  Optional, dynamic 	            Weak, dynamic
Classes 	      Yes, single inheritance 	      Prototypical
Interfaces 	    Yes, multiple interfaces 	      No
Concurrency 	  Yes, with isolates 	Yes,        with HTML5 web workers

2.Environment of  dart

  Dart language can test online : https://dartpad.dartlang.org/
  
2.1 Setting Up the Local Environment
2.2 Using the Text Editor
2.3 Installing the Dart SDK
  Dart sdk install on website:
      https://www.dartlang.org/install/archive
      http://www.gekorm.com/dart-windows/

2.4 Verifying the Installation
2.5 IDE Support
2.6 Installing WebStorm
   Install dart webstrorm as :https://www.jetbrains.com/webstorm/download/#section=windows-version.
   
3.Data type

 The Dart language supports the following types:  
    1.Numbers
    2.Strings
    3.Booleans
    4.Lists
    5.Maps
    
 3.1 Number
 
  Numbers in Dart are used to represent numeric literals that show two number as below: 
    Integer − Integer values represent non-fractional values, i.e., numeric values without a decimal point. For example, the value "10" is an integer. Integer literals are represented using the int keyword.
    Double − Dart also supports fractional numeric values i.e. values with decimal points. The Double data type in Dart represents a 64-bit (double-precision) floating-point number. For example, the value "10.10". The keyword double is used to represent floating point literals.
 
 3.2 Strings
    
    Strings represent a sequence of characters. For instance, if you were to store some data like name, address etc. the string data type should be used. A Dart string is a sequence of UTF-16 code units. Runes are used to represent a sequence of UTF-32 code units.
    The keyword String is used to represent string literals. String values are embedded in either single or double quotes.
 
 3.3 Boolean
 
    The Boolean data type represents Boolean values true and false. Dart uses the bool keyword to represent a Boolean value.
 
 3.4 List and Map
 
    The data types list and map are used to represent a collection of objects. 
    A List is an ordered group of objects. The List data type in Dart is synonymous to the concept of an array in other programming languages. 
    The Map data type represents a set of values as key-value pairs. 
    The dart: core library enables creation and manipulation of these collections through the predefined List and Map classes respectively.

3.5 The Dynamic Type

    Dart is an optionally typed language. If the type of a variable is not explicitly specified, the variable’s type is dynamic. 
    The dynamic keyword can also be used as a type annotation explicitly.
